this is the largest iPhone in the world
and it has a hidden feature so obviously
because it's a phone you can do phone
things like open up a cheeky game of
Geometry Dash oh my God this game is
ridiculously difficult jump jump jump no
one saw that you can do a little bit of
social media like this is Instagram and
well this is me and you can take a
selfie although you do need to move like
10 m back before you actually fit in the
photo but because this isn't a phone on
the inside and is actually a very
high-end gaming PC it can actually run
full windows too this is just crazy I
actually can't believe we can do this so
you can literally have a four player
game of Rocket league on an 8K 88 in
screen standing in the middle of a
street